xpu: ocl: link to OCL indirectly (#4059)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: examples/CMakeLists.txt

append(CMAKE_C_FLAGS "${CMAKE_EXAMPLE_CCXX_FLAGS}")
append(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_EXAMPLE_CCXX_FLAGS}")

# link examples directly to OCL
if(DNNL_GPU_RUNTIME STREQUAL "OCL")
    find_package(OpenCL REQUIRED)
    if(OpenCL_LIBRARY)
        list(APPEND EXTRA_SHARED_LIBS ${OpenCL_LIBRARY})
    else()

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "OpenCL runtime is not found in the environment.")

Reviewer: Consider adding a bit more details to make the error message actionable.

```suggestion
        message(FATAL_ERROR "OpenCL SDK is not found. You can use OPENCLROOT CMake option to specify the path or disable building tests with ONEDNN_BUILD_EXAMPLES=OFF and ONEDNN_BUILD_TESTS=OFF."
```
